Mac laptops (both) can only access certain, seemingly random files in PC share (but not others in same folder) even with admin accounts and the entire drive shared to "everyone" with full control. I cleared and re-set permissions for the documents folder to ensure it wasn't in an "inconsistent state" with some files missing permissions, but it did not fix the problem.
Mac Pro will not allow any user to access its own documents folder, even locally logged on users.
Mac Laptops appears to display old versions / cached copies of files when connected to the Mac Pro (customer insists date stamps for certain files are not current)
Mac Laptops cannot access shares on the mac desktop, even with read/write permissions for "everyone" set.
Mac Pro (desktop) cannot access windows PC share at all, even with the same credentials used on the laptops it gives invalid password errors.
Mac laptops can see each other and work together fine.
Mac Pro will sometimes connect to the Macbooks and be fine, but at random it refuses to work at all until file explorer windows (finder) are closed and reopened? (permission error)
All machines are set to use the same workgroup, and can see each other.
Customer does not want us to come out until we have a "for sure" solution as they have to leave work to be there for us.
Customer refuses to bring PC in to shop and insists on an on-site fix (granted, in-shop work would surely prove ineffective for this problem)
If all else fails, customer wants "at least" all the macs to interopeate properly without the pc.
Customer wants us to be there friday if possible at a specific time that they will decide.

hey.
Whats the matter?
not much..What about you?
Im fine hun. How you been?
i've been fine. tri has seen better days
Why is that? Im confused alittle.
well, I'm ending Tri and Sig's chapter for good this time. I have had multiple people ask me if they are ok because they saw/heard about sig and irisi being together.
Alright, thats fine, as much as I wasn't being with her as they may have said. I will give you back the caneen, I don't desreve it.
your talking like we aren't going to be friends still
I feel like a shit head at the moment, Ashley.
why couldn't you just talk to me about it before it got this bad
To be honest I wanted too, but I am not good at these talk. And then when I did see you I wanted to be with you, so I forgot about it for the time being. Ashley, I am sorry, I am a total douche and I can understand if you don't want to be my friend for this.
I just wish you would of told me to spare Tri's feelings. I will still be your friend, but expect tri to be distant for awhile.
And I yours, and I will wait for Tri, I wont bother unless Tri wants to talk, hun, I guess I will leave you be for the night.
i'm not mad irl just rather annoyed. I don't know how many times i've asked you to talk to me when something is bugging you or whatever and it never happens. I always had to pry it out of you. I guess it was doomed from the start cause of that.
I just never wanted to put my feelings on you, is all, Ashley, always been like that since a kid. I rarely open up to my own mother, and she does a lot for me. Im sorry if how I act in irl comes into the game.
it shouldn't...if you were unhappy with Tri you should of just said so. it's a game its supposed to be fun not your char becoming so miserable with mine that you have to stray. It hurt tri badly to be told that her fiance prefers to be with someone else over her.
not to mention tri and irisi were starting to become friends
I see.. I just dunno anymore.
about what?
Just this game, I really don't.
its only what you make it  hun. thats why i'm changing some things up
I know, dear, but since Daisy rarely gets on, and Semmy doesn't like getting on much, I might just stop getting on as well.
they have irl stuff going on too though
Well, yes and no.
Daisy claims she works a lot, and she did in the past when she was on a lot and now, she little by little is giving up the game.
Semmy is tired of the drama, which I can't blame here.
her.
i didn't know there was other drama. I only focus on whats going on with tri
Dream drama, like people trolling, yelling, other dream wars, things like that. :P
when i'm here i get rid of all that for them
Well, its a long thing with another dream, and a person.
Gayley.
She wanted to be sister dreams with us, and well the shit hit the fan, so to speak.
ah i see
So it was a war of the dreams, guardians were invovled, the whole nine yards.
So thats kinda the reason we don't see Daisy on anymore.
i always miss the good stuff
Not really.
Bunch of bullshit if you ask me.
I would have rather worked in a dump, then have dealt with it.
sounds like it.
Mhm.
i would take a break after that too
Yea, it was a mess.
atleast its over now
I hope so. It was stressful.

I never thought I'd be one to post a retirement thread because I always hated these things, always sad reading them and never fun seeing someone go but here I am writing this...
I wanted to apologize because I've been a pretty bad role model as a supermod, taking jokes too far, making fun of members too much, insulting other mods, jokingly or not, I've gone too far and nobody's been keeping me in check as a super.
It's gotten pretty hard to tell when you guys take a stab at me, if it's a joke or not, I'm sorry that's happened.
Just today I couldn't hold a conversation with other moderators with out them making fun of me, in all honesty Im not insulted, more saddened because of what I've caused and I hope it's not too late to change the direction I've set some staff in.
The other day, I was blabbering in the shoutbox and got into a small argument with LADY and I was blaming my assholeness for my lack of sleep, she told me I had to change because Im a moderator and of course, we're looked up to by other members and people base their actions off of how we act and what we do. Then I realized it wasn't because I didn't get enough sleep that I was being mean, it was because I'm the problem in itself.
This isn't a sappy goodbye thread but more of me trying to change something before it's too late, in the end with out our members,  the annoying ones, the good ones, the Rockys, the NGTs, the TornadoCreators, all of them and once mods like myself started poking fun at a few of them the line got blurry and deteriorated into a flame war, between mods and mods, and mods and members.
As for myself, appropriately nobody takes me serious due to my almost always joking attitude, majority of the time rude and cold remarks.
Me and MBO used to poke fun at eaechother, Id call him stupid and hed make fun of me because I pretty much had no life, it was in much more elaborate manners of course but eventually we couldn't tell if we were serious about the jokes or not, our jokes went too far and the attitude between MBO and I was just negative and that's pretty much what I turned the staff into.
Even as I was writing this, I was told some mods were assholes and should be replaced and Im sorry for being that shitty role model.
It's not too late to turn this around because me and MBO are a living testimony, we're good friends now and still talk every so often.
I want you guys to make sure your jokes are actual good spirited jokes and not just insults because the line between the two is blurred and lots of members have the idea that we're a bunch of assholes, which we're not and you guys are more than capable of proving them wrong.
I've outstayed my time as mod and should say goodbye, I haven't done much moderating, not much anything, strange thing is this is the first thread Ive posted in over 3 months.
I still love NGU and want to stay friends with you guys but sometimes if you love something, you have to say goodbye.

The Electronum has been a long-established gaming community running several dedicated game servers at a variety of games. We were formed shortly after Minecraft gained some popularity in the summer of 2009, and we're here to stay. Now, onto the server!
The server is a standard PvP server with an exceptional user base. Here at The Electronum we strive to help out newer players and vastly improve our augmentation of precious users. Our finely picked administrative team has a titanic amount of experience under their belts already. They will be more than grateful to assist you here on our server. Griefing is not-tolerated under any condition. If you see grief simply report it to one of the admins and it will be taken care of. You can choose to go out into the wild alone looking to make a name for yourself or you can opt to join one of many of the extensive towns. No matter what you choose to do on our server, we are sure you will enjoy being on our brilliant server.

Somewhere
The flames of greed lick the innocent’s skin
Twisted whispers corrupting the thoughts within
Tugging stronger and stronger toward a path to sin
The road down self-destruction starts when the first life ends
Somewhere
A defiler sits idly with a casual smile
Obscuring the ideas festering so vile
With the patience of a saint he instigated his guile
Weaving the chains of distrust and deceit
A healthy warm hue reflects off her face
As the raging inferno consumes her heart
A reflection of the flames burning her parents alive
The thoughts that ran through her mind
As she watched her parents scream and die
Are enough to chill you so cold you freeze where you stand
As she watched the fires burn
She contemplated with a straight face
She was justified in doing this
For their making her believe in a God that died
And somewhere
That defiler drinks with a perverted grin on his face
Unfeeling for the murder he just indirectly instigated
“All for the good,” he shouts to the crowd
“More ignorance has been killed before me now.”
And somewhere
As the Earth becomes a killing field for faith
The guilty wipe their hands clean
“No blood on my hands,” the murderers chant
How many deaths have been in the name of a Godless future?

Dee, hi! I just wanted to say congratulations on your transition. I think its fantastic that you are expressing your authentic self! That takes a lot of courage! I wanted to share with you that i myself am going through my own gender exploration. I’m still figuring myself out. At first i thought i might be trans, now i think i might be more non binary. I really don’t like to use all the terms and labels. I think that our society over complicates things. People are who they are. I think its

Sequencing and scheduling is a form of decision-making that plays a crucial role in manufacturing and service industries.
Scheduling is a decision-making process that is used on a regular basis in many manufacturing and services industries.
The resources may be machines in a workshop, runways at an airport, crews at a construction site, processing units in a computing environment, and so on.
Scheduling, as a decision-making process, plays an important role in most manufacturing and production systems as well as in most information processing environments. The following examples illustrate the role of scheduling in a number of real world environments.
Gate Assignments at an Airport Consider an airline terminal at a major airport.
The gates are not all identical and neither are the planes.
Some of the gates are in locations with a lot of space where large planes (widebodies) can be accommodated easily.
Other gates are in locations where it is difficult to bring in the planes; certain planes may actually have to be towed to their gates.
If boarding is postponed, a plane may remain at a gate for an extended period of time, thus preventing other planes from using that gate.
The scheduler has to assign planes to gates in such a way that the assignment is physically feasible while optimizing a number of objectives.
This implies that the scheduler has to assign planes to suitable gates that are available at the respective arrival times.
In this scenario the gates are the resources and the handling and servicing of the planes are the tasks.
Scheduling Tasks in a Central Processing Unit (CPU).
One of the functions of a multi-tasking computer operating system is to schedule the time that the CPU devotes to the different programs that have to be executed.
Scheduling can be difficult from a technical as well as from an implementation point of view. The difficulties on the implementation side are of a completely different kind. They may depend on the accuracy of the model used for the analysis of the actual scheduling problem and on the reliability of the input data that are needed.
The Scheduling Function in an Enterprise.
The scheduling function in a production system or service organization must interact with many other functions.The software controlling such an elaborate information system is typically referred to as an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system.
Scheduling is often done interactively via a decision support system that is installed on a personal computer or workstation linked to the ERP system.
Terminals at key locations connected to the ERP system can give departments throughout the enterprise access to all current scheduling information.
These departments, in turn, can provide the scheduling system with up-to-date information concerning the statuses of jobs and machines.
There are, of course, still environments where the communication between the scheduling function and other decision making entities occurs in meetings or through memos.
In a manufacturing environment, the scheduling function has to interact with other decision making functions.
In a manufacturing environment, the scheduling function has to interact with other decision making functions. One popular system that is widely used is the Material Requirements Planning (MRP) system. The MRP system keeps track of the inventory of each part.
In doing so, it uses techniques such as lot sizing and lot scheduling that are similar to those used in scheduling systems.
There are many commercial MRP software packages available and, as a result, there are many manufacturing facilities with MRP systems.
In the cases where the facility does not have a scheduling system, the MRP system may be used for production planning purposes.
However, in complex settings it is not easy for an MRP system to do the detailed scheduling satisfactorily.

ADV PU doesn't have that many Psychic-Types to play around with, but those who've thought they've found a metagame where Unown is usable can keep on searching. Unown is outclassed by Smoochum and Natu offensively and Drowzee defensively. With a barren movepool and horrendous base stats, Unown hits as hard as a wet noodle and falls at the drop a hat. Overall, Unown is a side-splitting, laugh out loud, no seriously who got fired for conceiving this, sorry excuse for a Pokemon. Maybe the opponent will feel sorry for you using it and just forfeit.

"Put your feet off the dashboard," Nathanael says, and Anna only tells him, "I can't at the time." Three months prior, she would have pursed her lips and dropped both her glances and her feet. Nathanael can recognize this - he should be proud that she's got an ounce of protest in her, some semblance of fighting spirit or at least self-respect, and instead he's just kind of jealous. It pulls an acknowledgment of selfishness into his throat, and that's different from months ago, too. Nathanael thinks, not for the first time, that Anna Ananiassen is the most convoluted thing he ever could have found. He also thinks - this is newer, and definitely more terrible, worlds more crushing to whatever bit of his ego juts out against it - that she's a little frightening in how easily this overwhelmed thing overwhelms him. "Stop that," he says aloud, not about her feet. Nothing about her stops. He ought to be glad for it; when Anna defies the world, Nathanael felt like he's finally built a city. But when Anna defies him-- he wants to take everything down. Bulldozers to the brain. She's like smog sometimes, really white smog. She's also ruining his foundation.
This is getting a little dramatic, even to him.
Loads of people are afraid of mice. Nathanael Tualle is scared enough of Anna that he at least tries to keep his mouth from running. His fingers don't drum against the steering wheel. His expression does not twitch.
--Well, it does, a little. His face is towards the road but he's *watching* her shoes shift against the top of the glove compartment. Time to put this particular mouse under heavy fire. "I can see up your skirt," he informs her casually. Not entirely true, but it's easy enough to deduce; her thighs are raised at an upwards angle and it makes dark cloth tumble back down to the seat.
Oh.
Anna's darkly flushed cheeks indicate her startled realization, and her grey eyes have gone all wide, and in that instant, Nathanael almost regrets saying it, because she's holding her notebook up against her face and he doesn't want her to smear the graphite on thin cardinal wings. It's still a useful tactic, he thinks. Her shoes will probably be safely down within a few seconds, now.
They stare at each other and her feet stay in place. Yes, her calves are trembling just a little bit, but Anna Ananiassen displays unparalleled defiance right now, while she squeaks, "You can't!"
"I can," Nathanael says calmly, not feeling calm.
"You really can't!"
Oh, Anna, don't--
"Nathanael!" she nearly wails, and sounds like she'll start crying. He looks over to make sure she's not literally having a heart attack, and then he admits:
"I really can't. Take your feet off the dashboard."
Her shoes fall from the dash and her skirt's pulled down her thighs and she spends the better part of ten minutes just glaring skittishly over the edge of her notebook.
Staring through the windshield, Nathanael reassures himself that he had no reason to peek anyway.

Make sure RGBA matching is always present and disable shadows for RGBA windows by default if the user didn't specify an RGBA match.
Reasoning for that is that shadows are desired for some RGBA windows (e.g. rectangular windows that just happen to have an RGBA colormap), while it's absolutely undesired for others (especially shaped ones) ... by enforcing no shadows for RGBA windows by default, we are flexible to user desires while still making sure we don't show ugliness by default

You don't like my idea? :(
You should do it
I /should/
If you want to add bittersweet
but I just had an epiphany.
They can drink and watch the sunset
and Aya will quip that she's sad she won't be able to see him so much anymore
But tries to make the best of the time they have
but please, tell me your story

""Hipster" is a term co-opted for use as a meaningless pejorative in order to vaguely call someone else's authenticity into question an, by extension, claim authenticity for yourself.
It serves no conversational function and imparts no information, save for indicating the opinions and preferences of the speaker.
Meanwhile, a market myth has sprung up around the term, as well as a cultural bogeyman consisting of elusive white 20-somethings who wear certain clothes (but no one will agree on what), listen to certain music (no one can agree on this either), and act a certain way (you've probably sensed the pattern on your own).
Suffice it to say, no one self-identifies as a hipster; the term is always applied to an Other, to separate the authentic Us from the inauthentic, "ironic" Them.
You can't define what "that kind of behavior or fashion or lifestyle" actually is, nor will you ever be able to. That's because you don't use "hipster" to describe an actual group of people, but to describe a fictional stereotype that is an outlet for literally anything that annoys you.
The twist, of course, is that if it weren't for your own insecurities, nothing that a "hipster" could do or wear would ever affect you emotionally. But you are insecure about your own authenticity - "Do I wear what I wear because I want to? Do I listen to my music because I truly like it? I'm certainly not like those filthy hipsters!" - so you project those feelings onto others."

oops joey is upset with me
why
i told him to delete the photos he's got saved of me
and that made him mad
because i still like them and you even though i shouldn't, and i've not bothered to delete them yet
i was just about to say how good today had been but now i don't feel like it has been
"you ruined my day by asking me to do this"
unbelievable
he comes back
They're pictures of yourself, and if you don't want them on my hdd then you have the right to ask me to delete them
But I don't want to. I still enjoy looking at them.
bear in mind this is after we had agreed that he'd delete them if stuff like this happened
it bothers me to no end that you're going to keep the pictures even though we agreed that you'd delete them, and that you decide to end everything except the part that you can get off to

Add the rest of the operations
Add dialogs for each operation type and provide a way to change the operation settings
Add functionality for removing and backing up images after/before conversion
Add functionality for changing the quality of exported images
Implement a way to preview what a selected image will look like after manipulations are applied
Finish "Settings" tab and save/load to/from Windows registry
Add "special" dialogs for formats like PDF and MPEG
Finish "Help" tab
Change or remove the "Summary" tab
Implement a static user key system to unlock the paid version of Pixelicht and save an encryped version in Windows registry
Compile the splash screen and icons along with the Pixelicht executable
Add automatic installation of Image Magick library on first run of Pixelicht
Write the Pixelicht documentation

I think the whole world has gone nuts. The Supreme Court sided with Walmart. I wonder how many pockets got full there?
Another plant in Fort Smith is moving to Mexico so they can get cheap labor. Why aren’t the products cheaper when we buy them? I bought a TV a while back and had to hire a college professor to reprogram it. All I was getting were Spanish channels. I’ve have satellite with over 250 channels and nothing to watch. Pay TV is pay for commercials.
Now the rest of the world, these goons say they don’t need God and states say gay marriage is okay. A person’s lifestyle is their business, but it’s sinful to live this way. A lady who claims to be a pastor married two women. First of all, she is no pastor. You’ve heard of three strikes and you’re out. She’s gay, strike one, a gay preacher, strike two, and marrying gay couples is strike three.
Now every TV show has a gay person on it. I won’t watch such trash.
Recently I bought bought 40 lbs. of corn for the deer. I got charged for 50 lbs. At least this has been corrected. I had my truck worked on. They said it would take four hours. Two and a half days later, it came home.
Has anyone tried to hire a driver, caretaker or housekeeper lately? I talked to 30 people and hired one. That’s enough beefing for now.
NORBERT GUNDERMAN, Solgohachia